Hello and welcome to one
my tutorial today i will give you
show her a clash of plants
have good defense yes and the
defense applies to city hall he wants 5
on youtube there are a lot of videos
how to defend for equal plenter
but not so many for kratos level-5
That's why I thought twice
a tutorial or let's play or
whatever here is pure
village was attacked
ever a bad example evil
kai du spasti yes you can see it here too
my defense I have the most
but most successful only the
I had no nets today
I'll take a look at his village maybe
is the type and hans okay okay is
definitely not black 750 already
dosed better she shares the village
out
yes it is actually very safe
if you 're looking for poker at 1130
case for 940 computer lure 914 as well
I'm right, too, I 'm just
itself level 3, it is enough to 100
percent as it looks there
So you can be your animal if you
first of all, where is this the way it works
stop as first plan the pure and then
you continue to develop your inner industry now
not to say but that's how it looks
village you can do it off
Do the same if you want her
you look at my defense like that
type has attacked with okay that's
what once station sent away okay
sport swept
ok , I do not want to continue watching but on
in any case it is a seafaring on
in any case, the defense is very good
I tried your own spring
So researched distribution I have shown
you lost defense times local
yes, after that I did that again, yes
After that I started again
win